`Manual`: macro terminology (#2011)
well-typed/hs-bindgen: manual/low-level/terminology.md

</details>

### Macro
[t:macro]: #macro

A (text) macro is a name associated with a replacement text.

### Macro definition
[t:macro_def]: #macro-definition

A macro *definition* declares a name in the macro namespace with a replacement
text. A macro can be [object-like][t:object_like] or
[function-like][t:function_like]. Macro definitions might be
[parsable][t:parsable_macro].

### Macro expansion
[t:macro_expansion]: #macro-expansion

A C preprocessor *expands* macro [invocations][t:macro_inv], replacing

> invocations by their definition, which can optionally be additionally processed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
invocations by their definition, which may be processed additionally,
```

> depending on the type of macro [definition][t:macro_def].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depending on the type of the macro [definition][t:macro_def].
```

### Macro expression
[t:macro_expr]: #macro-expression

A [macro][t:macro] that is parsed by `hs-bindgen` as a Haskell expression.

### Macro invocation
[t:macro_inv]: #macro-invocation

A macro *invocation* references a macro definition by name so that it can be
replaced by its definition. Macro invocations are [expanded][t:macro_expansion]
by a C preprocessor. An [object-like][t:object_like] macro is invoked by

> referencing the macro's name. A [function-like][t:function_like] macros is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
referencing the macro's name. A [function-like][t:function_like] macro is
```

record in the generated Haskell bindings.
</details>

### Parsable macro
[t:parsable_macro]: #parsable-macro

A *parsable* macro is a macro definition that can be parsed as a [macro

> type][t:macro_type] or as a [macro expression][t:macro_expr].

Reviewer: We are explicitly careful in `c-expr-dsl`, and say "type-like macro expression" or "value-like macro expression", because technically speaking, both of these are parsed as "macro expressions" (we just don't know yet whether they are types or values), if that makes sense.

Maybe we can also convey this detail?

Author: Hmm, I wrote this from the perspective of the user: they see a binding for a Haskell type or Haskell expression/function, hence the names were picked that way. But I also understand what you mean -- between macro parsing and type checking the parse results are all technically (type-like/value-like) macro expressions. Maybe we should consider that an implementation detail of the macro language though? Once macro infrastructure is standalone, I assume `hs-bindgen` won't know about this intermediate stage anymore

Author: Or maybe we should rename "macro expression" to "macro function"?

Reviewer: `hs-bindgen` does know about "macro types" and "macro values" (not mentioning expression deliberatly). Maybe we can use those? If not, it's not a big deal, I just wanted to convery that we struggled somewhat with choosing consistent names (especially since "expression" is somewhat overloaded).

Author: Renamed it to macro value!

### Reparsing
[t:reparsing]: #reparsing

> `hs-bindgen` parses headers twice. The second *reparse* inspects the source C

Reviewer: AFAIK, `hs-bindgen` only parses a subset of declarations a second time (the ones containing macro expansions).
